1. TITLE SCENE



2. INTRO SCENE
  Your thoughts, your dreams...

  All sight and sound meld into a thick slurry of memory.  As if someone had taken cement dust and injected it into your cranium.  You vaguely recall being ushered into a building after news of something falling, but beyond that are mental holes that ebb and flow with the muck of your recollections.

  It is quiet now.

  The faint sound of mechanical hissing gradually swells as warmth crawls into your skin.

  Your consciousness awakens to the sharp panic of having forgotten something important.

  Something very important.



3. GAMEPLAY SCENES:
  3.1 CRYO SCENE
  There are large pods, resembling phone booths flooded with gelatinous mouth wash.   The room is oddly warm.  The <span class="interactable">door</span> looks as though it has not been opened in some time.  Maybe the <span class="interactable">terminal</span> to the left can be of assistance.

  A <span class="interactable">screwdriver</span> sits on the lone metal table, but there is no dust present.  How long had you been asleep?

  Where are you?



4. END
  GAME OVER
    You died.  Or worse.
  ESCAPE
    You made it!



use - door, terminal
examine - cryo tube, floor
take -screwdriver, tape

examinable and useable

CRYO POD 1:
  the tube you were in
CRYO POD 2:
  In front of your tube, you see another. This one appears to have had been damaged. The glass is cracked and the pipes and tubing on the exterior appear lose.
  The blue cryo gel has oozed out of the cracks and dried on the side of the tube. Inside the tube you see a human form.
PIPE:
  -black, cold, and rusty it is a heavy pipe.
CORPSE:
  -the skin stained blue from the liquid in the pod is stretched on the bone, they obviously died a long time ago. Looking at the uniform it appears they may have been a person of authority. You find a keycard.
KEYCARD:
  -A small flat metal card with strange markings.
CRYO DOOR:
  -A heavy metal door. It is locked. to the right of the door is a scanner that would fit a small  flat object.
